hi this is Robert with clean pool and
spa and in this video I want to tell you
the importance about keeping your pump
pot strainer cleaned out so you turn the
system off and you open up the lid and
normally you're gonna find some dirt and
debris in here today we have leaves so
just simply take it over here pop it out
and go ahead and reinstall it now the
reason that it's very important to keep
this clean is because as you can see the
pump motor is right here and there's the
water comes in through here and is
pulled through this little opening right
there and right behind here is what's
called the impeller now the impeller
spins similar to a propeller on a plane
and if you don't keep this cleaned out
what can happen is sometimes dirt and
debris can get caught in the impeller
and it will cause the motor to overheat
also if you don't keep this cleaned out
the draw from the water this this needs
to be have a good flow of water that's
why you can see all the little holes in
here when this gets clogged up with dirt
and debris it causes the motor to pull
harder which can cause overheating so
it's a very important to keep your pump
hot strainer clean and do that maybe
once or twice a week so that's it is
very simple just keep it clean
these other swimming pool quick tip for
you I'm Robert with clean pools Broadcom
well actually that's my website check
out the description box below link to my
website lots of great information over
there so like subscribe and comment here
as always be safe and happy swimming bye